**Grant Review**

My project focuses on the integration of students' use of Instagram in order to figure out how they are interacting with the campus. A lot of research done on how students in college use social media is on the effect of mental health, this project diverts from that by focusing on how students use the universities land. This will be visualized through the mapping of each geotagged Instagram post from the past year. As a marketing student this appeals to me because, in the long run, this information can be used for the university to recognize areas students frequent and then work on the beautification of those areas. 

While that was my initial interest and the abstract I wrote reflected that previous sentiment, it was too marketing oriented for a digital humanities project. Seeking guidance, I spoke with Dr. Stover several times on how to alter my grants purpose. I had to focus more on humanities based elements like how students picture taking habits on campus represent place attachment. For instance, a business student may take a picture in front of Luter Hall because they have established experiences with it. Or, someone takes a picture in front of Christopher Newport Hall because they think it’s pretty, as aesthetics also factor into connections.

There are a plethora of digital humanities projects that feature social media at the forefront of them. These projects span many different areas of study and incorporate a multiplicity of social media platforms. Within my paper I referenced [“Selfiecity”](https://meganednie.github.io/English-350/2021/03/12/review-two.html), “Watching the World”, and “#selfiesinthestacks” as related DH projects. All three of these projects pulled photos from social media in order to report back data, create visualizations, or gauge user interactivity. While these are in a similar realm, the goal of each is vastly unalike and the visual outcome of my project is also dissimilar.

Writing this grant has opened my eyes to what truly goes into the process. Prior to this class, I had heard about grants, but had never read or written one. Not only are you selling your idea but you are selling yourself by including a resume/CV and writing persuasively. This is an appeal to get an institution to fund an individual's project, so it must have stated benefits. As I went through I realized I had to be thorough but concise, meaning I had to say a lot in a small amount of space. 

**Semester Review**

Coming into this class, I did not know what to expect. Besides the paragraph explanation in the undergraduate catalog, I was not familiar with DH. After this semester, I think of DH as an integration of the humanities into the digital era. I do not think my definition has necessarily changed, as it is pretty rudimentary, but my perception of DH did. I am now able to spot instances in which DH is being used and can evaluate its importance to each project. This ability has evolved throughout the semester due to class periods spent on deciphering DH. (Side note: Next semester you should title one of your initial lecture slides: “Deciphering DH”, I just love how that sounds).

This class contained readings to supplement the learning process. I think this was necessary to my understanding of the concepts. With almost each subject there was an associated reading, therefore I never felt lost or not prepared for an assignment in class. To get specific, “Shitty First Drafts” by Anne Lamott really stood out to me. I often get bogged down in trying to make my first attempt perfect that I don’t focus on getting the information onto the paper first. To have someone justify that we need that bad first run through in order to create something great was reassuring. I also found any tutorial we reviewed in class helpful to understanding the material.

Throughout the semester I did not really struggle with any of the assignments until the grant proposal. This was initially due to my disconnect between business writing and humanities based writing. Furthermore, figuring out what my project would entail has been continuously difficult for me. I have realized, as I keep returning to it, I am able to develop it. This brings me back to Lamott's article, the first draft is not the best draft! 

In conclusion, this class has opened my eyes to an entirely different academic discipline. I think every class causes growth in some way and English 350 definitely did. I feel as if I have developed a new writing style, one that strays away from business writing. As it is my last semester, there are a lot of things to reflect on but I feel that I truly took advantage of what this class had to offer. Peer reviews, office hours, tweets, all contributed to my experience in this class. As my semester draws to an end, and I begin my professional career, I will carry facets of this class with me. 

